[IOSP-143] Migrate from HockeyApp to App Center (#256)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/DebuggingPushNotifications.md

		- for production environment only use AppStore certificate (**or simply just never change production key set**)
	- select proper [APNS environment](#apns-certificates-and-environments):
		- for local builds (built from Xcode) select Development environment
		- for App Center builds select Production environment
- make sure you notify in `#ios` slack channel that you are changing PubNub environment

> - REMEMBER to change APNS environment back to production when you are done and notify `#ios` slack channel. This is so that testing can continue on AppCentre builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- REMEMBER to change APNS environment back to production when you are done and notify `#ios` slack channel. This is so that testing can continue on App Center builds.
```
